hello everyone I made a video on folding
eyebrows previously today I'll show you
one of the many ways to shape your
eyebrow of yet never shaped it before
you need a few items for this any pen a
cream type product that you can draw
with for example a white eyeliner a
normal brown eyeliner or even you
concealer it coupled with an eyeliner
brush if you do not have an ally to
brush you can even use an old liquid
eyeliner as your brush
you'll also need a spoolie a half here a
recycled mascara wand that I brush my
eyebrow with a pair of scissors a pair
of tweezer or razor and a ruler I'm
going to show you two styles of eyebrow
trimming today the first one is an
arched and angled one step 0 load out
the element brush with concealer first
step 1 define the locus of the start of
your eyebrow most guides are just
drawing a vertical line from the side of
your nose but if you will like your nose
bridge to look more narrow you can use
any points between the tip of your nose
and the side of your nose to define the
start of your brow I will be using the
midpoints in this tutorial with a ruler
lighten against a midpoint and make a
marking with a concealer don't worry if
it's messy as long as it inside of the
line straight 15 define the locus of the
arch of your eyebrow look straight ahead
place your ruler on the side of your
nose and adjust it until it aligns with
the side of your iris I had to look away
to find the mirror so please don't
follow what I did here
well the eyeliner brush make an other
marking here step 3
define the locus of the end of your brow
align the side of your nose to the end
of your eyes with a ruler make the last
marking here so now we have three lines
on our eyebrow we just have to decide on
three points before you draw the outline
of your desired eyebrow
to make it easier for you to visualize
let's call these lines 1 2 & 3 we'll add
in an additional two lines a is the
upper limit of your original I graph B
is lower limit of your original eyebrow
for natural-looking brother for the
requirements filling in use your
original eyebrow as a guide thread so to
find the points 1 a is intersection
between line 1 and a while ta is
intersection between line 2 and a so on
and so forth
points 3 will be any points along flying
3 the shippi below points to a and
within your own brows then you just have
to join the dots together I've driven
wise slightly above my turns eyebrow
because that's where the upper limit of
my original untrimmed eyebrow is for the
lower boundaries find out where points 1
B is then draw a line parallel to the
line above until it touches line 2
lastly connected to the end of your
eyebrow it wasn't that hard right you
can feel free to adjust the borders to
your liking before moving on next we
just have to tweeze all of the hair to
false out of the box if you're
uncomfortable with tweezing or worried
that you'll over tweeze use a razor to
shave them off depending on house then
the boundaries are removed hair that
lies on and out of the line were defined
after you're done remove it before
filling in your eyebrows I used fasoli
to rub them off next using your spoolie
brush your brows downwards the point
here is to not kind of too much eyebrow
so we only trim off those that may stick
out on its own when your brows are
missing first you're back in place to
see if there are any other flyaways
trends slip them off to following in
your eyebrow should be easy now since to
shave as a ready bear if you need to
extend your eyebrows you can use your
eyebrow pencil or brush as a guide to
help you find those points again
now if you would like to trim your
eyebrows into a comeon style eyebrow
carry out the same method to define
three lines first make sure the lines
are long enough here it is illustration
for the different points there are two
ways you can achieve this the figure on
the left flake used to highest point of
your brow as the reference draw a
horizontal line from here until it
intersects with the first line the
figure on the right will use the highest
point of the start of your brow as a
reference draw a horizontal line from
here outside intersects with the blank
to decide on where you want your
eyebrows to end by picking a point along
line three draw a horizontal line from
line three until it intersects line one
join out the reining gas and you're done
the one in the left will maximize the
lips face as the brow will appear higher
above your eyes making it suitable for
people who wants more Inlet space the
one on the right will shrink let's face
so it's suitable for people whose
eyebrow is too far up originally I'm
using the guide on the left to sketch
out my desired eyebrows again tweezer
shape outside the borders once you're
done remove it with your makeup remover
and repeat the trimming process to form
your eyebrows just follow the previous
steps and fill in your brows accordingly
just make sure you're using the same
reference points to determine the
placement of the other lines and
boundaries check back to see if it
follows a guide we drew earlier arm for
the inner half of the brow make sure to
fill up any empty spaces with your brow
product to conform your eyebrows to the
shape we drew be sure to blend out any
harsh edges at the start of your brows
were more natural like so this is how
you can shape and fill in your eyebrows
this is just a general guideline and is
by no means a golden rule that you must
follow please treat this as the first
tracted of many iterations that you need
to make to see what suits you best also
use a razor in place of a tweezer of
you're worried of making mistakes
shaved hair will appear to grow faster
than pluck hair I hope you found this
video useful as always if you try this
method I was shared with me at the
following places click here to watch
last week's video where shared my secret
to get a glowy skin put powder
foundation click on the right to watch
another video which I think you may like
and click the button below to subscribe
to my channel as you like my videos I'll
see you all next week
goodbye Beautiful's
[Music]